Contestian.
Contestian is said to recite.
Being now visionary, Japan has also sandwiches its re- telef
in England and the US.
And given the change to desires,
I really admire that way.
and to resistance by the subject of Japan's treatise.
Our country Will soon face anniversary of lost the important situation of the second volume.
The burden of the Empire is exactly on this line.
Now is the time when a hundred million people should stand up as one.
I am convinced that all the people of the water have a firm unity.
I am convinced that we can overcome any obstacle.
I have nothing more to say today.
I just want to express my full trust and trust in you.
I hope that you will return to your offices soon and that you will not meet the people of the water in the future.
I hope that you will not be lost in the future.
I hope that you will meet again.
I would like to end my speech with this.